very good to all of youtube like
cannes but how well you call me in
spider-man for android good for
download this great game then that
we have to do is download these
files that we have in our
description here we have the data and
our africa
we're just going to open each one and
let's hope you're going from advertising
and we're going to give it where it says to jump the
advertising
once we found it in jump the
advertising will appear here for us
climb from mega
let's do this same procedure
with these four files
and once we got them all downloaded
four we're going to paste it into the folder in
our desk
in my case the hotel here we have the
three parts we are going to give in extract here
and now we are going to extract our africa
a series brought our apk and our
baby what we're going to do is catch this
folder our device
we go the android phone law and what
we will adapt and we have it here
Give just copy
and now we are going to copy our africa
but we can take off anywhere
of our device at home
one hour from our device what
what we are going to do is look
saved our apk in my case and
I guard my files all
memory files the phone and how
lucky star jam the five spider-man let's go
now in install and we wait for
install as well as the
application we will give in open
and as we can see, it is ready for
enjoy it
good friends, I hope you liked it
the video have like and subscribe
why